### 4.5.1 
[good guess](good-guess/my_solution.rb)
### 4.5.2 
[calc letter grade](calculate-grade/my_solution.rb)
### 4.5.3 
[triangle sides](triangle-side/my_solution.rb)
### 4.5.4 
[detecting leap years](leap-year/my_solution.rb)
### 4.5.5 
[detecting simple substrings](11-simple-substrings/my_solution.rb)



###What is the most important thing to know about flow control in your opinion?
I think understanding where the returns happen is vital.  Once something is returned, flow control ends and it is out and on to the rest of the code.  That gave me a hard time understanding how that worked.  

###What is the most difficult thing to understand about flow control?
For me, it was when flow control would return autmatically or when you had to implicitly state return.  I think I will implicitly state return as a good rule of thumb from now on if I want to return then.

###What are some ways of comparing two objects to see if they are the same?
object == object

###Which challenge was the most difficult? Why do you think that was?
I found the leap year challenge to be hard.  I found myself reaching out to emmanuel for that challenge because I had solved it, but by toying around.  He helped me understanding why the way I had solved it worked.  It was difficult because I was trying to follow the leap rule rules chronilogically, but instead, i  should have understood what the leap rule rule set was trying to accomplish and mimic that in code.  I need to understand the problem before I can solve it.  

###What did your pair teach you about Ruby, flow control, programming, or being a good pair when you were pairing? 
 I learned some new syntax!  I also learned how to add multiple conditionals with operators like and and or (&& ||) to make a rule set that was more precise and easier to understand. 