###[4.6.1 Smallest Integer](smallest-integer/my_solution.rb)
###[4.6.2 Largest Integer](largest-integer/my_solution.rb)
###[4.6.3 Shortest String](shortest-string/my_solution.rb)
###[4.6.4 Longest String](longest-string/my_solution.rb)
###[4.6.5 Concatenate Two Arrays](concatenate-arrays/my_solution.rb)
###[4.6.6 Count The Number](count-between/my_solution.rb)
###[4.6.7 Define A Hash](define-hash/my_solution.rb)

###What does it mean to iterate over an array?
Basically it means creating a loop and using that loop to check each value of the array.  What you do with that value, depends on what you are trying to accomplish.  But iterating over the array is required in order to get the values as individual elements/items.  

###How are arrays structured? What can they contain?
They are structured with an index method.  So the first item in an array is contained on the zeroth index and the second on the first index, so on and so fourth.  They can contain many types of objects.  Strings.. integers... floats.. even keys!

###Based on what you've learned, what is the best way to access values in a hash?
I am not sure... i want to say the index method... array[0].  But I think that a for loop can be a GREAT way to access the values in a hash in which case the variable in the for loop represents each value in the array on each pass through.  I did everything with mostly while loops at first because we were never introduced to a for loop.  

###What are some important things to remember about hash keys and uniqueness?
The keys have to be totally unique.  

###What are the main differences between arrays and hashes? When do you think one will be better over the other?
Arrays hold a bunch of objects while hashes hold keys which POINT to other objects.  I think that arrays are probably better for storing a bunch of information that you don't need to label, while hashes are good for storing information that belongs to an object that you want labeled.  