###4.7.1
[my factorial solution](factorial/my_solution.rb)
###4.7.2
[Add it up solution](20-add-it-up/my_solution.rb)

#What are methods? Why are they useful?
Methods are extremely useful.  They are bits of code you have packaged and "wrapped" up into almost.... templates.  They are very useful because you can also name them well and have them almost tell you exactly what they do in plain english.  not to mention it helps reduce the amount of actual code written out which save you typing.  

#What are local variables? Where are they able to be accessed (HINT: try accessing a local variable outside of a method to see).  
Local variables are variables that are created that are only able to be used where they are created and any children of where they were created.  So if you have a local variable that you have made inside a file, then you make a method, you can use that variable within your method in order and manipulate it.  To contrast this.  a local variable created WITHIN a method can onLY be used within that method.  Likewise if it is created within a block.  It can only be called on, within that block.

#What is a method's argument? How would you use that?
A methods argument is a parameter that the method uses to give it more data to work with.  So for example you can use the enumberable method ".join" and it will join all the elements inside an array, joined!  But you can also give that method an argument like .join(' ') which is just a string of white space.  That will make it put a space in between all the elements it joined which typically makes it more readable to humans.  
#How does Ruby know what to return in a method?

#What does it mean to iterate (or loop) over arrays or hashes? 
Iterating over an array is basically starting at the zeroth index of the array and making the program loop through and analyze each element of the arrray until it has gone through and done whatever logic you want it do to to each element.  You can compare the data within the array, you can have it spit out all the information of the array, really you can have it do a vast amount of things and they are very important to programming.  
#What new Ruby methods did you learn about in this challenge?

#What did you learn from your pair in this challenge?
I learned how factorials work!  I also learned new syntax.  *= which is basically the same as += which multiplies and adds the result to the original variable.  It was a great refactoring tool and something to keep in mind for the future. 